hey guys this is Johnson with Buford on
and I'm just going to do a rerun boxing
of my dog envy or GOG envy I got this
from punishes paintball for two hundred
dollars and it's a pretty good gun I
haven't played it yet but froze what
I've seen looked up some reviews and
stuff it looks like a good gun I'm still
pretty new to paintball so this would be
no I'm already doing it reviews she's
kind of unboxing maybe a review within a
week or two then I'm going to tell you
and then I'll have that post it up on
YouTube for you guys so other than that
here's the box yes well here's the case
as you can see it's slightly not too big
i mean i'd say it's about a foot wide
foot tall maybe a little wider other
than that good casing is plastic like
it's not the greatest but I mean it's a
good little carrying case comes with a
handle little cliff tops or whatever you
like all those little metal flips when
you open it up that's some pretty nice
padding it's pretty soft so good
protection for your gun then you got the
gun itself and i guess i'll go ahead and
take that out for you we're first i can
show you it does come with a smart parts
barrel stock pretty good its pretty long
got some like a protective stuff down in
there like about where the smart horse
logo is to the other side
it comes with all the allen keys you
need everything for as far as grip frame
is bolt anything you need you got your
o-rings and that smaller bag in there
isn't for this gun hits for my extreme
rage loader I have a little cheap loader
just to hold me over and sometimes with
the father of ring if you need and then
it comes with the 10 inch barrel I on
impulse started like all of them like
most so it's pretty good barrel oh it
looks to be but I have a red CP pointy
5.6 I think boars I don't know coming in
that should be here pretty soon
hopefully within this week or very
beginning next week then you got the gun
itself pretty light only a one pound 11
ounces pretty good stop the envy Stein
right there and cut all that warning
stuff great grip frame good trigger
rounded all the way around like it's a
rounded sugar so pretty good nice
clamping feed neck it does fit Bay many
letters like halo later so like that
because I've put my friends halo whether
an edge to seek it up to the letter i'm
saving up for it now other than that fit
to us loaders
let's go ahead sit down right here I'll
show you the up a bit on it well
there's with the bear rockets that are
out there there is with the barrel on
now its pretty long good the feel
whatever you hold it it's kind of short
i get for me i have pretty big hands
like I mean hold on my socks a pretty
good I guess like I can sorry about
throwing together I can grip all the way
around that you can see it's pretty
little but it feels great in the hand so
other than that sorry about the quality
of this video I mean I've got a little
camera not really a video camera has
video on it obviously but i'll go ahead
and show you my mass and stuff I just
got me the Z Force armoire or armor I
guess you could say I put a little
pressure table cigrip top got a nice
back strap length really good padding on
the inside and then just to hold me over
I got me a Extreme Rage loader it's
pretty good I would say I mean not sure
put some stickers on there sorry about
that there's a system inside seems to be
pretty good i would say other than that
that's all that really is and forty
eight cubic games 2000 PSI empire tank
pretty heavy tank a little way to see
how it is going to be with the air in it
but you know whatever gets the job done
till I get some more money this is just
kind of hold me over for now it does
come with a thread top savory thing
look at Matt pretty good capable of
stuff i would say still like is it
pretty new to the game but i plan on
getting better at it putting more videos
up i like to film probably have some
videos of my friends and me playing so
that'll be cool punisher did send me a
pic of sheet pretty big sticker sheet
like the size of a piece of paper like
printer paper stickers and it's pretty
cool i do i would say so also if you
guys find a chance would like to leave
any comments down in the comment box
below the video or anything or personal
message me about anything you like to
see in my upcoming videos anything you
know that you would recommend and also
any upgrades you would think about for
this any gun but I ever show this gun
and that's all how do they say stuff do
you like the video flavor the video dude
ever you want to the video just do not
post anything bad about it i will delete
them and so rate comment subscribe and
just help me out